Fold COREHOST_TRACE section into DOTNET_HOST_TRACE (#54720)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-environment-variables.md

### `DOTNET_HOST_TRACE`

Controls diagnostics tracing from the hosting components, such as `dotnet.exe`, `hostfxr`, and `hostpolicy`.

> [!NOTE]

> > Prior to .NET 10, the `COREHOST_` prefix was used instead of `DOTNET_HOST_` (e.g., `COREHOST_TRACE`). The functionality and values remain identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Prior to .NET 10, the `COREHOST_` prefix was used instead of `DOTNET_HOST_` (for example, `COREHOST_TRACE`). The functionality and values remain identical.
```
